Previously on Damages:
When Daniel Purcell flipped on the stand
he humiliated you in open court
This is all about
Ultima National Resources.
If you don't stop them, I will.
- Do you want my help?
- Yes.
Whatever happened that night
in your house with your wife is over.
This is a partnership now.
- My legal advice is to eliminate exposure.
- Okay.
- Did you tell anyone about us?
- No.
Let me use the firm's resources to prove
that Frobisher had David killed.
This is Detective Rick Messer.
He asked if he could take a look around.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
It's my fault.
No. I know you're not
the enemy in all of this.
- Hey.
- You're early.
- I know.
Come in.
- Want a drink?
- No, I'm good.
The movie doesn't start
for another hour.
Where's Mark?
He's going to meet us
at the theater.
I thought you and I could talk first.
Sure. What's up?
What's this?
It's the security deposit
from your and David's apartment.
The lease isn't up for another month.
Yeah, I know, but they said
they could rent it a month early.
- They said they were going to call you.
- No.
No one called.
I'm so sorry.
I thought you knew.
My parents have packed
everything up, so...
It's all ready to be moved.
I thought that  I'd
go back there one last time.
Ellen, don't put yourself through that.
The movers can put everything
into storage.
If feels like that apartment's
all that I've got left of him.
El, don't go back there.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Damages s02e06
We're back with litigator Patty Hewes
who somehow made it past
security with an axe.
And she's looking to grind it.
I've never seen you like this.
Even Arthur Frobisher never
inspired this kind of attack.
Arthur Frobisher has
nothing on Walter Kendrick.
Kendrick and his company Ultima
National Resources have
systematically ravaged the environment.
But has the company
done anything illegal?
Walter Kendrick is a corporate thug
who's gone out of his way to
shield himself from litigation.
Kendrick believes that
he can get away with anything.
The tragedy is, so far he has.
I mean, have you ever heard of
a toxin called Aracite?
No, never.
That's because Walter Kendrick
doesn't want you to.
He's using it in his facility
in West Virginia
and it's poisoning people.
Can you prove that?
UNR did its own study
and determined Aracite to be safe,
which is, you know,
no big surprise,
but a high-level consultant from
an independent research firm
reported otherwise,
and now his wife is dead.
Ms. Hewes, are you implying
that Walter Kendrick
is responsible for a murder?
Implying it?
I hope that's not what this
sounds like, Greta.
I'm stating it outright.
Patty Hewes said a few things on TV.
- I heard.
- You have to take it seriously, Walt.
It's outrageous.
She accused you of murder.
She's a madwoman.
Maybe, but people listen to her.
She's a virtual celebrity now.
Riding high on Frobisher.
We cannot afford...
Arthur Frobisher is a narcissistic dipshit
who stumbled his way into billions.
He dumped his own stock with
the whole world watching.
Forget Frobisher.
This is about Patty Hewes.
We humiliated her in court.
She wants to destroy you now.
We have to shut her up.
???
Send a cease and desist order.
Ah, it's not enough.
The stock price fell today.
I'll set up a meeting with
the major shareholders--  reassure them.
Regardless, we can't let
Patty's accusations hang out there.
I want to sue her.
- For what?
- Well, obviously for defamation.
We can't get involved in a lawsuit.
That's just going to keep her
bullshit story alive.
What are our options?
Ignore it until she goes away.
Patty's not going to go away.
She accused you of murder.
7 weeks earlier
Is everything taken care of?
Not yet.
Jesus Christ!
What do you want me to do?
Okay.
I think we should sue.
But you're the boss, Walt.
It's your decision.
Are you positive UNR is
behind Christine Purcell's murder?
Of course not.
How could I be?
Then why are you on national television
hurling accusations at him?
To make it personal.
Oh, by the way, I want you to work up
a complete background on Claire Maddox.
I need to know who we're dealing with here.
What do you think Patty Hewes is up to?
She's on the warpath.
She's beating the tom-toms.
She's furious because of
what I did to her in that courtroom,
and she's going to do everything she can
to take it out on your company.
Why didn't you ever tell me
about your history with her?
It had nothing to do with us.
What else haven't you
told me about, Danny?
If I haven't shared things with you...
it's for your own protection.
I'm not your daughter.
I don't need protection.
Why don't you come out
to the country this weekend?
I don't think I can.
When can I see you again?
I don't think you
will see me again, Danny.
I see.
It's gotten a little complicated,
don't you think?
Your company, my company,
Patty Hewes, your wife.
It was a mistake getting
involved with you.
Then why did you come here tonight?
To tell you in person.
That was the last time.
Take care.
- Katie.
- I'm at the police station.
- What is it?
- I was mugged.
Can you pick me up
at the 19th Precinct?
I'll be right there.
I came out of the subway and
I walked about a block.
Which direction?
Um, east, I think.
And then I took a left.
North?
Right. And then he came up behind me
and grabbed my bag.
All right, wait here. I just need to
get some forms for you to fill out.
Hey, are you following me?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Stay away from me!
It was the same guy.
- Are you sure?
- Look at this.
This is the man
who was following me.
And this was back when Frobisher wanted you
to sign the confidentiality agreement.
Yes! He's a cop.
I think he saw me, Ellen.
I don't know what to do.
Okay, all right,
just sit down, all right?
Calm down.
We'll figure this out.
Now, if this guy traces back to
Frobisher in any way,
we will find him.
Okay?
I promise.
Yeah. Fine, Pam.
I will sign the paperwork tonight.
Hey. Hey.
You want to knock that off?
All right, I am hanging up.
Sorry.
There's a cop I need you
to look into.
Why?
He may have something to do
with my fiancy's murder.
Well, then...
we can't help you.
Our investigation is limited to
Patty Hewes and her firm.
Well, do it as a favor.
I need your help.
- We can't.
- You're FBI-- you can do whatever you want.
- Ellen...
- I'm telling you,this guy may be a killer.
And I'm telling you
our hands are tied.
He's right--
we are not authorized to do that.
This is bullshit.
I need your help.
last year before Katie's deposition
she was being followed.
I remember.
This is the guy.
He's a policeman.
He must have been working for Frobisher.
No wonder they haven't gotten
anywhere with David's murder.
This is my first real lead.
You told me I could use the firm
to go after Frobisher.
My resources are your resources.
Thank you.
- Katie Connors saw you?
- Yes.
- You're sure?
- Yeah, I'm sure.
What if she talks?
She can't prove anything.
But her friend, Ellen Parsons,
has been meeting with the Feds.
Since when?
I'm not sure.
Well, Katie Connor made me.
So what do we do?
You?
You do nothing.
Keep your mouth shut,
and I'll handle the rest.
Eight-passenger seating,
six-liter V-8 engine,
with hybrid dual-mode transmission.
Better city fuel economy than
the Mini Cooper S convertible.
Seriously?
Impressive.
- Does it have a navigation system?
- Oh, absolutely.
It's DVD-based,
with turn-by-turn directions.
I'll take it.
Do you want to, uh,
take a test drive?
I said I'll take it.
Great. Uh, let me find my manager--
we can talk finance.
We don't need any of that.
I'll pay cash.
Sticker price.
Car practically sells itself.
What do you mean,
the UNR merger doesn't make sense?
It's bad business.
Kendrick overpaid to acquire
that company.
Why would the UNR board let him do that?
Because Kendrick makes money.
Every gamble he's ever taken
has paid off.
Well, if he overpaid he must
have a way to make that money back.
Yeah.
We have to find out what that is.
You aren't concerned
about the Feds looking into you?
We'll just...
watch our step
and keep our eyes open.
You know what I'm in the mood for?
What's that?
A fight.
The merger's gone through.
Are you ready on your end?
Yeah. Let's get going.
I prefer paintings I understand.
Foxes, hounds, bugles,
that kind of thing.
All this abstraction looks
the same to me.
Well, in this case,
Dave, you're right.
This piece of shit is a waste of canvas.
I'm gonna try and claw my way
to the ladies'.
And don't sneak out for a smoke.
- Think of your heart.
- I know, I know.
I' meet you at the seats.
Walt Kendrick!
Hey. Arthur Frobisher.
I know.
Yeah. We met once,
uh-- oh, shit, where...
- Davos.
- Yeah, Switzerland,right, yeah.
The economic forum.
Musharraf wouldn't shut up,remember that?
Ooh, man, ballet.
Can never get into it.
Even the dancers--which is kind of odd
You know, you'd think,
what could go wrong
with a pretty girl in a leotard?
But that body type does nothing for me.
I like 'em a little meatier.
How come you're here?
Your girlfriend drag you?
Other way around.
No shit. You like ballet?
I like Balanchine.
Only reason I come to this crap
hole of a city is for the culture.
Yeah, that's right.
- Uh, I thought West Virginia was your roost.
- Mm-hmm.
I've been spending more time up here.
Since the merger.
Yeah, of course, of course.
Congratulations, by the way.
Sailed right through the Trade Commission.
I've been watching your stock.
Too bad about today's little dip, though.
Volatility is part of the game.
Oh, of course.
You'll bounce right back.
But Patty Hewes won't let us
forget about you.
Slinging shit like that all over
the airwaves.
What the hell'd you do to her, anyway?
Never even met her.
Wow. Well...
take this from me.
Don't engage with her.
You step into the ring with that woman,
she will cut your balls off
and jam 'em down your throat.
My advice, when she straps one on,
bend over, bite down hard
and just take it.
Anyway... it's good to see you.
Claire, it's me.
Sue the bitch.
Here's what I got on Claire Maddox--
name of law school, Supreme Court clerkship,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Spends three years at
a white-collar firm in DC,
and then is handpicked by Kendrick
to join the UNR legal department.
She's spent the last 18 years there.
- Doing what?
- Kicking ass, mainly.
Starts in litigation working
antitrust but quickly
gets bumped up to associate general counsel.
Kendrick championed Maddox.
He took her under his wing.
She's the only female attorney
in his company.
Then he added vice president to
her title, but, uh...
that's not all, there's, uh...
...rumors.
About?
A relationship between Kendrick and Maddox
that is less than professional.
- Interesting.
- But not substantiated.
- Anything else?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry, I-I fail to see the strategy
in calling Walter Kendrick
a murderer on national television.
???
Ms. Hewes, it's urgent.
- Patty Hewes?
- Yes?
You've been served.
What is it?
It's a defamation suit.
UNR's suing me for $200 million.
You leaving?
Yeah, I just got called in.
I'm gonna see you later.
- I love you
- I love you, too.
You're gonna look sexy
when you're bald.
david
Sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you.
I don't know if you remember me.
I live in 5E.
I'm president of the co-op board.
Yeah, yeah, I know who you are.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
I never really got to know David,
but he seemed like a great guy.
Anyway, this was, uh,
delivered a while back.
I didn't have a phone number for you,
and you didn't ave a forwarding address,
so, uh, I've been hanging onto it.
Thank you.
The statements Ms.Hewes made were true,
and therefore she has an absolute defense.
Ms. Hewes claimed my client
murdered a woman,
a woman whose actual killer
was incarcerated.
There's absolutely no way
she can prove her allegations.
All right, slow down.
This is true?
Your client believes Mr.Kendrick
murdered this Christine Purcell?
Not with his own hands, but yeah.
Ms. Hewes believes that Mr.Kendrick
commissioned this murder.
And what do the police
think of that theory?
The man who was arrested
for Christine Purcell's murder,
Kevin Walker, was killed in prison.
Assistant D.A. Deevers is
looking into his death.
And has found nothing.
So now you're accusing
the plaintiff of two murders?
The claim my client made,
the subject of this suit,
is the murder of Christine Purcell.
Mr. Kendrick has never been accused or even questioned
by the police about either of these deaths.
We'd be happy to present our own evidence
that Mr. Kendrick was involved.
Your own evidence?
This is an obvious stunt to present their own
so-called evidence as a way of
further defaming my client.
Ms. Hewes, do you have a response to that?
I defer to my attorney.
All right, listen,
I was tasked by the judge to encourage
a settlement here, so let's get to it.
What's it gonna take?
Well, Ms. Maddox should consider this:
if she pursues this action,
our only defense is to prove
these murder accusations.
Does she really want that aired
in open court?
And I think Mr.Shayes should consider this:
if he can't prove my client was responsible,
a jury is going to ram a $200 million bill
up his client's ass.
Well, it seems to me you both
have incentive to come to terms.
Are you busy?
Just doing some red-lining for Tom. Why?
I'm starving.
David used to do
most of the cooking for us.
Phil's out of town,
just in case you think
I'm neglecting him.
He goes away so much,
it must be hard.
So is UNR serious about
this defamation suit,
or are they just trying to
intimidate you?
Walter Kendrick is serious
about everything he does.
- We want his stock price to keep falling, right?
- Yeah.
The judge has ordered the case into mediation.
He wants us to settle.
Do you have any idea
what else Kendrick is up to?
No, not yet.
???
You told Patty that I saw the guy?
I know how you feel about her,
but she has resources we can use.
So what have you found out?
Nothing yet,
but I'm gonna hear something soon.
Elle, are you okay?
What's going on?
I went back to the apartment.
What? Why?
I need to see it again.
When I was there,
I got a package.
It was from David.
What are you talking about, Elle?
He ordered it before he died.
It was delivered to the building.
What was it?
It was my wedding present.
Oh, my God.
What did he give you?
I don't know.
I can't bring myself to open it.
I think I know what
Patty Hewes is angling for.
Tell me.
We both know why she went on television.
To drive our stock price down.
Yes. But I've been thinking.
Her real goal may be to file a lawsuit
on behalf of our shareholders.
She'll claim that the stock took a hit
because of the merger and poor management.
Well, I've already
reassured our shareholders.
And everyone's in line.
Patty can't sue us without a plaintiff.
I think we should settle the defamation suit
before she finds one.
Why let her off the hook?
She knows she can't beat me in court.
Right. So she'll be motivated
to make a deal.
No.
She picked this fight.
I'm not letting this slide.
Walt, our stock won't recover until
Patty retracts her statements.
I think we let her off easy financially,
provided she admits that she had
no basis for her accusations.
That way, we neutralize her statements
and avoid a long trial.
Walt.
Everyone's got dirty laundry.
Do you really want Patty Hewes
going through yours?
Don't give her any more time
to find a plaintiff.
What are you doing for dinner?
That's your answer?
I don't want to
talk about this anymore.
I'm getting together with friends tonight.
You want to come along?
You need to decide.
Are you going to settle or not?
You'll have my answer by dessert.
4 months later
Ah, there's my lawyer.
- Good to see you.
- You, too.
Excuse me. What's your poison?
A vodka martini,
dirty, extra olive.
Put you over there
next to Mitch.
Mitch McCullen, Claire Maddox.
Hi.
- Lovely to meet you,Claire.
- Nice to meet you,too.
Demographically,
the entire nation is changing.
We'll all be in the minority by 2040.
But it's not just us;
the entire balance of power in the world
is swinging hard towards Asia.
How does that make you feel?
Me personally?
Well, there is no one more endangered
than the American Caucasian male.
Excuse me. I need to make a call.
Your Manhattan.
- I ordered an old-fashioned.
- Are you sure?
He ordered an old-fashioned.
Forgive me, sir.
I'll be right back.
Job doesn't seem too difficult.
You think he'd getonedrink right.
I'm going to stretch my legs.
Would you like some company?
Oh, no, I'll just be a few minutes.
Thanks.
So what do you think?
I'd have worn a shorter skirt
if I'd known I was getting pimped out.
Oh, come on, Claire.
Mitch lost his wife three years ago
in a car accident.
He's not just looking for
a roll in the sack.
Course, it doesn't hurt he's
got his own island.
I don't need help
with my personal life, Walt.
Give the guy a chance.
Okay, I will.
If you give me an answer
about the settlement.
Our stock is still dropping.
Have you made up your mind?
I'm telling you, Patty wants
to file a shareholders' suit.
Okay. Settle.
It's part of Internal Affairs called
the Citizens Review Board.
I filed a complaint.
A complaint?
You can't trust the police with this.
- What was I supposed to do?
- I told you I would handle it.
And nothing happened.
His name is Eliot Tolken.
He's been disciplined a half
a dozen times for excessive force.
Each time he keeps getting reinstated.
Someone in the department
is clearly protecting this guy.
- And can you get him arrested?
- There's nothing to arrest him for.
So Patty can't help me then, can she?
We want to trace this guy back to Frobisher,
then Patty's the one to do it.
- What is it with you and that woman?
- Katie...
David's murdered, and you go right
back to working with her.
- You don't understand.
- All I know is, if you had never met Patty,
my brother would still be alive.
You don't have to blame me, okay?
I spend enough time blaming myself.
Do you? Really?
Yes, and I'm trying to make things right.
- How?
- I can't explain it all.
This is such bullshit, and you accuse
me of not dealing with reality?
I know what I'm doing, Katie, okay?
This is over your head.
- Unbelievable.
- I'm sorry, but there are bigger things going on here.
Things that you wouldn't understand.
Right, because you're the lawyer,
and I'm an idiot.
Look, Katie, you got a pretty shitty
track record of your life decisions,
so please just let me handle this.
Go to hell.
Can you zip me?
Should I put on some music?
What do you like?
I like silence.
You smoke?
I used to.
Now I only smoke one.
At the end of every day.
- Only one?
- Only one.
No, thanks.
I smoke it alone.
???
Ten million to Mr.Kendrick's preferred charity.
Three.
Eight.
- Four.
- Seven.
Five.
Five is fine.
I think we have an agreement.
Always nice when cooler heads prevail.
What is the charity?
The NRA.
She's kidding.
It's Environment First,
a local West Virginia organization.
That's perfect.
So, if you'll sign
the memorandum of agreement
we can send it right
on up to the judge.
Five million to charity.
I feel good.
I'm surprised.
It could've been a lot worse.
They could have destroyed us in court.
The only reason they settled was
to stop their stock price
from hemorrhaging before
we could find a plaintiff.
Too late.
- Claire Maddox?
- Yes.
You've been served.
- What is that?
- A lawsuit.
Patty Hewes has just sued us on
behalf of a major UNR shareholder.
Who?
Thank you for your discretion.
I didn't want all my associates
to know we're working together yet.
You're welcome.
I think your little
te-a-tete with Kendrick
gave him the extra push we need.
Listen, I will be your plaintiff,
but we're not friends.
I don't like you.
Well, I'm just glad
we could help each other out.
I'm in this for me.
Understood.
???
Katie, it's me.
Please call me back.
I'm sorry.
We need to talk.
Patty?
I found a UNR shareholder
who's willing to sue the company.
That's good news.
Claire Maddox will try to get it
thrown out of court,
but if we can get to
the discovery phase,
we can find out what Kendrick is hiding.
I look forward to it.
How are things going with Katie?
Good, yeah. Fine.
The policeman she saw...
hopefully he'll lead back to Frobisher.
Shit.
She filed a complaint?
It's not an issue.
I have friends in Internal Affairs.
If the C.C.R.B. kicks it upstairs
- we'll find a way to make it disappear.
- All right.
But that doesn't mean
the problem goes away.
That's what I'm saying.
We need to do what we should've done
a long time ago.
all  right
You really should lock your door.
Where...
is the goddamn videotape?
I don't know.
Well, what about David Connor?
Do I have to worry about him?
No.
There's nothing that can
get back to you.
4 months later
Wes, is that you?
Wes?
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org